Cayman Islands
The Cayman Islands is an autonomous British Overseas Territory in the western Caribbean Sea, the islands comprise of a 264-square-kilometre (102-square-mile) territory spanning the three islands of Grand Cayman, Cayman Brac and Little Cayman, which are located to the south of Cuba and northeast of Honduras, between Jamaica and Mexico's Yucatán Peninsula.

Grand Cayman
Grand Cayman is the largest of the three Cayman Islands and the location of the territory's capital, George Town.

Grand Cayman Geography
Grand Cayman geography encompasses 76% of the territory's entire land mass, the island is approximately 22 miles (35 km) long with its widest point being 8 miles (13 km) wide.

Grand Cayman Districts
Grand Cayman's Districts comprise of Bodden Town, East End, North Side, West Bay and Grand Cayman.

Grand Cayman Flora
Grand Cayman's Flora is widely diverse ranging from orchids, palm trees and coconut tree to fruits like mango, guinep and breadfruit.

Fauna
The Fauna in Grand Cayman is diverse ranging from turtles, iguanas, and various snakes.

Banking
Banking in Grand Cayman is a major contributor to the economy, With over 600 banks including 43 of the 50 largest banks in the world.

Tourism
Tourism in Grand Cayman is huge due to the larger number of natural attractions like the blow holes in East End to the watersports and it's crystal clear beaches.

Little Cayman
Little Cayman is a small island 60 miles northeast of Grand Cayman with a population of 270 known for it's scuba diving sites and birdwatching.

Cayman Brac
Cayman Brac is a small island situated 90 miles north-east of Grand Cayman once used by pirates due to it's freshwater coves and fauna however, it's now mostly known for it diving, fishing, caves and rock climbing.

Population
As of spring 2018, the population of the Cayman Islands was estimated to be 64,420 making it the second-most populated British overseas territory after Bermuda!

History
No archaeological evidence for an indigenous presence has been found on the Cayman Islands and it is therefore thought that they were discovered by Christopher Columbus on 10 May 1503 on his final voyage to the Americas.